My fave
Are you going to dance?
The entire possibility will burn
That even Sh mangry
Just a quiet dance
That's what you need
The moon is a little bit blue
A little bit, a little bit, a little bit
That's a little bit
Here is a round, round
The big rock is inviting
The four-leaf clover and the four-leaf clover
Even if you burn the four-leaf clover
A little bit, a little bit, a little bit
That's a little bit
The water is flowing
The five mountains are flowing
A little bit, a little bit
The sea is calm
Even if you burn the four-leaf clover
A little bit, a little bit, a little bit
That's a little bit
The smokey lake
That flower is a sin
That's a little bit
The flowers are also a sin
Even if you burn the four-leaf clover
A little bit, a little bit, a little bit
That's a little bit
Listen!
Even now, I can see the spot of a wipe
Yoi to yoi to yoi to, rain is also a yoi to
Rain is also a yoi to